docs: updates PL docs with proxy info (#461)
checkly/checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/private-locations/checkly-agent-guide.md

---

> title: Installing & Running the Checkly Agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Installing & running the Checkly Agent
```

## Redundancy and scaling

> We recommend at least two agents per private location for redundancy. When considering scaling, you should use at 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least two agents per private location are recommended for redundancy. When considering scaling, you should use at 
```
